Update times of talks. Only allowing 20 mins (#17)
rust-fosdem/rust-fosdem.github.io: _posts/2015-01-02-topics.md

    - Promoting inclusiveness for minority or underrepresented groups

> Slots will be allocated for 20 minutes with 5 minutes at the end for Q&A (total 25 mins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slots will be allocated with a fixed duration of 25 minutes (roughly 20 minutes for presentation followed by 5 minutes for Q&A).
```

> Speakers need to specify their preferred format. Both include time for questions and answers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
